c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hero.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\spacebot.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\spacebot.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\obj\x86\Debug\spacebot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\obj\x86\Debug\spacebot.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\obj\x86\Debug\spacebot.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\e1.xnb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\shot1.xnb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\m_gun.xnb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\m_gun.wma
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\s_gun.xnb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\spacebot\spacebot\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\4.xnb
